Reviewer 1

Abstract


    Section I.

    In introduction part, there is need for background information to understand
    the need for the research, research problem, research questions or hypotheses,
    Explanation of a gap or lack of research in the field that makes this paper
    necessary, purpose of the paper or proposal contained in the paper are not well
    defined.

    All the reference style and figure description in introduction section is not
    following by IEEE standard. For better presentation, author need to incorporate
    Latex.
    
     Preferably, the initial stage of article, author should describe the
    background knowledge rather than goal and target of paper.

    Section II.

    Reference style for this section is not followed by IEEE standard. For better
    presentation, author need to incorporate Latex. Symbols need to be well defined
    whenever it used.
    There is no need of separating the heading of known models. Just mentioning the
    name of model is not enough please notify the gap within the models.

    Section III.

    How much convergence percentage is reached for adding the new individuals to
    the population?
    The goal of your article should be in introduction section rather defining in
    every section.
    The description of figures is not followed by the IEEE Transaction standard.

    For figure 1. Please use the proper format in word or Latex as mentioned in
    IEEE guidelines.
    Some paragraph have missing information regarding the application of GA or RGA
    or RRGA technique, Which one is highly effective, author should elaborate it
    further.
    "The goal is RMSD is low as possible". Comment: how much it has to be to deal
    it effectively.
    In this section, author used only symbols. Please also provide the abbreviation
    for all symbols.
    During the EXAFS analysis too many invalid atomic structures were being
    generated. How invalid atomic structures were being generated.
    Please provide the justification: Why population size of 50 was selected as a
    result of empirical testing? Need to elaborate it more in your article.
    "Sensible result and reasonable amount of time". Comment: Explanation should be
    based on the comparisons results using proper justification of references.
    "Best result". Comment: how much we can say about it? Need to describe it in
    terms of figure.
    Use figure value and compare it with figure value rather than describing
    the "outperforming".
    To justify your claim and statement, author should use more references.
    Currently, references for supporting the author claim and statement is weak.
    Paragraph spacing should be followed by IEEE transaction standard.

Reviewer 2

The paper presents an approach using evolutionary algorithms to better predict
the structure of metal protein complexes from EXAFS. The work used a variation
of genetic algorithm called RGA and used PSO in post optimization.
The work is presented very well.
An observed deficiency is that the work doesn't present a processing time
evaluation.In the last paragraph it says that it is significantly high.
The work should contain such evaluation using different test cases. It would be
better to compare different approaches.
Minor points:
1.The abstract says that the approach is based on GA only while it uses more
than one evolutionary algorithm.
2.The figures' numbers are sometimes Roman.
3.Section III.A would better include a paragraph introducing PSO and DE.
4.Figure 1 is unclear.
5.Section III.A, paragraph 1, line 4: "additional" instead of "addition".
6.Equation 1, "RMSD =" should be written on the left hand side.
7.Section IV, paragraph 2, line 2: "move" instead of "moved".
8.Section V, paragraph 5, line 6: "placed" instead of "place".
9.Last sentence in the paper (Multi-objective experiments...etc.) should be
revised.